So in terms of resources, I've mentioned
it before, but I does as a final,
really big thank you to Chris Fritz's
vue enterprise boilerplate.
In this a huge hat tip to him for
doing a lot of the incredible
work that he's done.
So in case for those who don't know,
Chris used to be on the vue core team on
glass team and basically helped to pioneer
a lot of what we know as the docks today,
and has been an absolute incredible
contributor to the ecosystem.
And so for him to not only do
all that work on the docks, but
then to also open source all his
consulting knowledge in this way.
Again, biggest thank you to Chris for
all his work in the ecosystem.
We're very lucky to have you in it.
When it comes to enterprise level apps,
as we sort of talked about one of
the things that I think is a misconception
with vue apps a lot of times is that
it doesn't have a lot of
opinions on how you do things.
And this is true by default
because what we really want is for
you to choose what's best for you.
However, similar to the question we have
earlier, sometimes it makes sense to
actually have a starting point and
not start from scratch.
And so, if you haven't checked it out
already vue does have an opinionated style
guide that is categorized
into different rule sets.
That, basically are,
think of it like ES, lint rules.
And what's nice about this is,
this gives you an opinion in a way
to start structuring your app.
So for example, like in the essential one,
enforcing multi-component names
ensuring that prompt definitions are
written correctly that every v4 has a key.
But then going forward,
right there are then some more call it
strongly recommended rules which you'll
probably recognize in some of
the things we talked about today.
And so the if you include these rule sets
in your ES lint, it will go ahead and
make sure that you're actually
following these principles.
Again, following as we talked about
before automating this piece of these
conventions.
And so, in case you're wondering you can
a hundred percent just like any other
ES lint rule.
You can say, I like this set a lot,
but I want to disable this one thing.
It's still entirely configurable.
I think it was Sarah Drasner
who said this best.
What I love about vue is the fact
that it gives me what I want and
then it gets out of my way.
And so, I think the fact that
when it comes to vue and
things like the style guide, the fact
that you can start with some opinions.
And then have escape hatches
out of it is a great way for
people to formulate what is best for
them and their team.
So definitely keep an eye
on the style guide.
In view three, there will probably be new
rules added because with the new code base
and new features,
there probably will be new best practices
that are established as time goes on.
So keep an eye on those,
but this is the v2 one that we
have screenshotted right now.
And of course,
v3 is a big topic right now.
So in the event you're like,
okay, I I get it out.
I'm going to go ahead and
wait for view three, but
I'd really love to learn about
what's coming down the pipe.
Please check out the official
view three migration guide.
In there we've gone ahead and tried to
document any like what breaking changes
there are and
what basically new things are coming and
things you'll probably have to keep in
mind as you prepare for that migration.
So definitely be sure to check that
out if you're interested in what
the migration path might
look like from v2 to v3.
All right, well, thank you everyone for
joining a huge congratulations for
all of you for sticking around.
I know it's been a long day remote
workshops can be a little bit challenging,
but I really appreciate you all spending
the time with me to chat about view.
And so
I could share this knowledge with you.
Again, a big thanks to everyone involved
for making this production happen.
In case you're wondering,
I'm the dinosaur on the left.
This is one view con for us.
This was the last in person conference
I went to earlier this year.
And so, we were the MCs and
doing the pink dinosaur thing, so
that is a cherished memory.
And yeah, it's been a lot of fun,
so thanks everyone for watching and
guess I'll see you around and, yeah.
And if you have any other questions,
please go ahead and hit me out again
Ben Cruising on the internet of things I'm
happy to chat further if you find things
and documentation confusing, we love
getting feedback about that because
we always want to make our Doc's
better and find ways to clarify it.
So please, yeah, stay in touch and I guess
I'll see you around the vue community.